Mention that `sudo -u postgres` throws an error (#458)
lewagon/setup: _partials/windows_postgresql.md

sudo -u postgres psql --command "CREATE ROLE \"`whoami`\" LOGIN createdb superuser;"
```

> <details>
> 
> If you get an error saying `could not change directory to "/home/your_name": Permission denied` that is fine.
> If on the first run it says `CREATE ROLE` in the end all worked fine.
> 
> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_📝 If you get an error saying `could not change directory to "/home/your_name": Permission denied` that is totally fine, and there's no need to worry 💆 If, on the first run, it says `CREATE ROLE` in the end all worked fine._
```

Putting it in a `<details>` tag without a `<summary>` tag would create a disclosure triangle with no title, so people wouldn't open it. In general, students have found `<details><summary>` confusing and don't know how to open them (I can't believe I'm saying this, but it's the truth). So, personally I prefer italicized text.
